Cats are the most popular pet in the United States: There are 88 million pet cats and 74 million dogs.;There are cats who have survived falls from over 32 stories (320 meters) onto concrete.;A group of cats is called a clowder.;Cats have over 20 muscles that control their ears.;Cats sleep 70% of their lives.;A cat has been mayor of Talkeetna, Alaska, for 15 years. His name is Stubbs.;One ran for mayor of Mexico City in 2013.;In tigers and tabbies, the middle of the tongue is covered in backward-pointing spines, used for breaking off and gripping meat.;When cats grimace, they are usually “taste-scenting.” They have an extra organ that, with some breathing control, allows the cats to taste-sense the air.;Cats can’t taste sweetness.;Owning a cat can reduce the risk of stroke and heart attack by a third.;Wikipedia has a recording of a cat meowing because why not?;The world’s largest cat measured 48.5 inches long.;Evidence suggests domesticated cats have been around since 3600 B.C., 2,000 years before Egypt’s pharaohs.;A cat’s purr may be a form of self-healing, as it can be a sign of nervousness as well as contentment.;Similarly, the frequency of a domestic cat’s purr is the same at which muscles and bones repair themselves.;Adult cats only meow to communicate with humans.;The world’s richest cat is worth $13 million after his human passed away and left her fortune to him.;Your cat recognizes your voice but just acts too cool to care (probably because they are).;Cats are often lactose intolerant, so stop givin’ them milk!;The oldest cat video on YouTube dates back to 1894; In the 1960s, the CIA tried to turn a cat into a bonafide spy by implanting a microphone into her ear and a radio transmitter at the base of her skull. She somehow survived the surgery but got hit by a taxi on her first mission.;The technical term for “hairball” is “bezoar.”;Female cats are typically right-pawed while male cats are typically left-pawed.;Cats make more than 100 different sounds whereas dogs make around 10.;A cat’s brain is 90% similar to a human’s — more similar than to a dog’s.;Cats and humans have nearly identical sections of the brain that control emotion.;A cat’s cerebral cortex (the part of the brain in charge of cognitive information processing) has 300 million neurons, compared with a dog’s 160 million.;Cats have a longer-term memory than dogs, especially when they learn by actually doing rather than simply seeing.;Basically, cats have a lower social IQ than dogs but can solve more difficult cognitive problems when they feel like it.;Cats have 1,000 times more data storage than an iPad.;It was illegal to slay cats in ancient Egypt, in large part because they provided the great service of controlling the rat population.;In the 15th century, Pope Innocent VIII began ordering the killing of cats, pronouncing them demonic.;A cat has five toes on his front paws, and four on the back, unless he’s a polydactyl.;Polydactyl cats are also referred to as “Hemingway cats” because the author was so fond of them.;There are 45 Hemingway cats living at the author’s former home in Key West, Fla.;Original kitty litter was made out of sand but it was replaced by more absorbent clay in 1948.;Abraham Lincoln kept four cats in the White House.;When asked if her husband had any hobbies, Mary Todd Lincoln is said to have replied “cats.”;Isaac Newton is credited with inventing the cat door.;One legend claims that cats were created when a lion on Noah’s Ark sneezed and two kittens came out.;A cat can jump up to six times its length.;A house cat is faster than Usain Bolt.;When cats leave their poop uncovered, it is a sign of aggression to let you know they don’t fear you.;Cats can change their meow to manipulate a human. They often imitate a human baby when they need food, for example.;Cats use their whiskers to detect if they can fit through a space.;Cats only sweat through their foot pads.;The first cat in space was French. She was named Felicette, or “Astrocat.” She survived the trip.;Cats have free-floating clavicle bones that attach their shoulders to their forelimbs, which allows them to squeeze through very small spaces.;Hearing is the strongest of cat’s senses: They can hear sounds as high as 64 kHz — compared with humans, who can hear only as high as 20 kHz.;Cats can move their ears 180 degrees.;They can also move their ears separately.;A cat has detected his human’s breast cancer.;A cat’s nose is ridged with a unique pattern, just like a human fingerprint.;Cats have scent glands along their tail, their forehead, lips, chin, and the underside of their front paws.;A cat rubs against people to mark its territory.;Cats lick themselves to get your scent off.;When a family cat died in ancient Egypt, family members would shave off their eyebrows as they mourned.;They also had elaborate memorials that included mummifying the cat and either burying it in a family tomb or pet cemetery.;Cats were mythic symbols of divinity in ancient Egypt.;Black cats are bad luck in the United States, but they are good luck in the United Kingdom and Australia.;Most cats don’t like water because their coats do not insulate them well enough.;The Egyptian Mau is the oldest breed of cat.;The Egyptian word for cat is, in fact, “mau.”;Only 11.5% of people consider themselves “cat people.”;Cat owners who are male tend to be luckier in love, as they are perceived as more sensitive.;Cat owners are 17% more likely to have a graduate degree.;Cat people are 25% likely to pick George as their favorite Beatle.;A cat’s carbon footprint is similar to that of a VW Bug, whereas a dog’s is more like a Hummer.;When your cat brings home a dead mouse or bird, it may do so to show you that you suck at hunting.;Cats have inferior daytime sight, but during the night they need seven times less light than humans to see.;The largest litter of kittens produced 19 kittens.;Eighty-eight percent of cats in the U.S. are spayed or neutered.;Only 24% of cats who enter animal shelters are adopted.;Every year, nearly four million cats are eaten in Asia.;When a cat chases its prey, it keeps its head level. Dogs and humans bob their heads up and down;A cat can’t climb head first down a tree because every claw on a cat’s paw points the same way. To get down from a tree, a cat must back down;Approximately 24 cat skins can make a coat.;During the time of the Spanish Inquisition, Pope Innocent VIII condemned cats as evil and thousands of cats were burned. Unfortunately, the widespread killing of cats led to an explosion of the rat population, which exacerbated the effects of the Black Death;During the Middle Ages, cats were associated with withcraft, and on St. John’s Day, people all over Europe would stuff them into sacks and toss the cats into bonfires. On holy days, people celebrated by tossing cats from church towers.;Cats are North America’s most popular pets: there are 73 million cats compared to 63 million dogs. Over 30% of households in North America own a cat.;The term “puss” is the root of the principal word for “cat” in the Romanian term pisica and the root of secondary words in Lithuanian (puz) and Low German puus. Some scholars suggest that “puss” could be imitative of the hissing sound used to get a cat’s attention. As a slang word for the female pudenda, it could be associated with the connotation of a cat being soft, warm, and fuzzy.;Approximately 40,000 people are bitten by cats in the U.S. annually.;A cat’s hearing is better than a dog’s. And a cat can hear high-frequency sounds up to two octaves higher than a human.;A cat can travel at a top speed of approximately 31 mph (49 km) over a short distance.;Researchers are unsure exactly how a cat purrs. Most veterinarians believe that a cat purrs by vibrating vocal folds deep in the throat. To do this, a muscle in the larynx opens and closes the air passage about 25 times per second.;In 1888, more than 300,000 mummified cats were found an Egyptian cemetery. They were stripped of their wrappings and carted off to be used by farmers in England and the U.S. for fertilizer.;Smuggling a cat out of ancient Egypt was punishable by death. Phoenician traders eventually succeeded in smuggling felines, which they sold to rich people in Athens and other important cities.;The biggest wildcat today is the Siberian Tiger. It can be more than 12 feet (3.6 m) long (about the size of a small car) and weigh up to 700 pounds (317 kg).;The smallest wildcat today is the Black-footed cat. The females are less than 20 inches (50 cm) long and can weigh as little as 2.5 lbs (1.2 kg).;Many Egyptians worshipped the goddess Bast, who had a woman’s body and a cat’s head.;Mohammed loved cats and reportedly his favorite cat, Muezza, was a tabby. Legend says that tabby cats have an “M” for Mohammed on top of their heads because Mohammad would often rest his hand on the cat’s head.;While many parts of Europe and North America consider the black cat a sign of bad luck, in Britain and Australia, black cats are considered lucky.;The most popular pedigreed cat is the Persian cat, followed by the Main Coon cat and the Siamese cat.;Some Siamese cats appear cross-eyed because the nerves from the left side of the brain go to mostly the right eye and the nerves from the right side of the brain go mostly to the left eye. This causes some double vision, which the cat tries to correct by “crossing” its eyes.;Researchers believe the word “tabby” comes from Attabiyah, a neighborhood in Baghdad, Iraq. Tabbies got their name because their striped coats resembled the famous wavy patterns in the silk produced in this city.;The costliest cat ever is named Little Nicky, who cost his owner $50,000. He is a clone of an older cat.;A cat usually has about 12 whiskers on each side of its face.;Spanish-Jewish folklore recounts that Adam’s first wife, Lilith, became a black vampire cat, sucking the blood from sleeping babies. This may be the root of the superstition that a cat will smother a sleeping baby or suck out the child’s breath.;In the original Italian version of Cinderella, the benevolent fairy godmother figure was a cat.;In Holland’s embassy in Moscow, Russia, the staff noticed that the two Siamese cats kept meowing and clawing at the walls of the building. Their owners finally investigated, thinking they would find mice. Instead, they discovered microphones hidden by Russian spies. The cats heard the microphones when they turned on.;The ability of a cat to find its way home is called “psi-traveling.” Experts think cats either use the angle of the sunlight to find their way or that cats have magnetized cells in their brains that act as compasses.;Isaac Newton invented the cat flap. Newton was experimenting in a pitch-black room. Spithead, one of his cats, kept opening the door and wrecking his experiment. The cat flap kept both Newton and Spithead happy.;The world’s rarest coffee, Kopi Luwak, comes from Indonesia where a wildcat known as the luwak lives. The cat eats coffee berries and the coffee beans inside pass through the stomach. The beans are harvested from the cat's dung heaps and then cleaned and roasted. Kopi Luwak sells for about $500 for a 450 g (1 lb) bag.;A cat’s jaw can’t move sideways, so a cat can’t chew large chunks of food.;A cat’s back is extremely flexible because it has up to 53 loosely fitting vertebrae. Humans only have 34.;Approximately 1/3 of cat owners think their pets are able to read their minds.;All cats have claws, and all except the cheetah sheath them when at rest.;A cat lover is called an Ailurophilia (Greek: cat+lover).;In Japan, cats are thought to have the power to turn into super spirits when they die. This may be because according to the Buddhist religion, the body of the cat is the temporary resting place of very spiritual people.;Most cats had short hair until about 100 years ago, when it became fashionable to own cats and experiment with breeding.;Cats have 32 muscles that control the outer ear (humans have only 6). A cat can independently rotate its ears 180 degrees.;One reason that kittens sleep so much is because a growth hormone is released only during sleep.;Cats have about 130,000 hairs per square inch (20,155 hairs per square centimeter).;The heaviest cat on record is Himmy, a Tabby from Queensland, Australia. He weighed nearly 47 pounds (21 kg). He died at the age of 10.;The oldest cat on record was Crème Puff from Austin, Texas, who lived from 1967 to August 6, 2005, three days after her 38th birthday. A cat typically can live up to 20 years, which is equivalent to about 96 human years.;The lightest cat on record is a blue point Himalayan called Tinker Toy, who weighed 1 pound, 6 ounces (616 g). Tinker Toy was 2.75 inches (7 cm) tall and 7.5 inches (19 cm) long.;The tiniest cat on record is Mr. Pebbles, a 2-year-old cat that weighed 3 lbs (1.3 k) and was 6.1 inches (15.5 cm) high.;A commemorative tower was built in Scotland for a cat named Towser, who caught nearly 30,000 mice in her lifetime.;In the 1750s, Europeans introduced cats into the Americas to control pests.;The first cat show was organized in 1871 in London. Cat shows later became a worldwide craze.;he first cartoon cat was Felix the Cat in 1919. In 1940, Tom and Jerry starred in the first theatrical cartoon “Puss Gets the Boot.” In 1981 Andrew Lloyd Weber created the musical Cats, based on T.S. Eliot’s Old Possum’s Book of Practical Cats.;The normal body temperature of a cat is between 100.5 ° and 102.5 °F. A cat is sick if its temperature goes below 100 ° or above 103 °F.;A cat has 230 bones in its body. A human has 206. A cat has no collarbone, so it can fit through any opening the size of its head.;A cat’s nose pad is ridged with a unique pattern, just like the fingerprint of a human.;If they have ample water, cats can tolerate temperatures up to 133 °F.;A 2007 Gallup poll revealed that both men and women were equally likely to own a cat.;A cat’s heart beats nearly twice as fast as a human heart, at 110 to 140 beats a minute.;Cats don’t have sweat glands over their bodies like humans do. Instead, they sweat only through their paws.;In just seven years, a single pair of cats and their offspring could produce a staggering total of 420,000 kittens.;Relative to its body size, the clouded leopard has the biggest canines of all animals' canines. Its dagger-like teeth can be as long as 1.8 inches (4.5 cm).;Cats spend nearly 1/3 of their waking hours cleaning themselves.;Grown cats have 30 teeth. Kittens have about 26 temporary teeth, which they lose when they are about 6 months old.;A cat called Dusty has the known record for the most kittens. She had more than 420 kittens in her lifetime.;The largest cat breed is the Ragdoll. Male Ragdolls weigh between 12 and 20 lbs (5.4-9.0 k). Females weigh between 10 and 15 lbs (4.5-6.8 k).;Cats are extremely sensitive to vibrations. Cats are said to detect earthquake tremors 10 or 15 minutes before humans can.;In contrast to dogs, cats have not undergone major changes during their domestication process.;A female cat is called a queen or a molly.;In the 1930s, two Russian biologists discovered that color change in Siamese kittens depend on their body temperature. Siamese cats carry albino genes that work only when the body temperature is above 98° F. If these kittens are left in a very warm room, their points won’t darken and they will stay a creamy white.;There are up to 60 million feral cats in the United States alone.;The oldest cat to give birth was Kitty who, at the age of 30, gave birth to two kittens. During her life, she gave birth to 218 kittens.;The most traveled cat is Hamlet, who escaped from his carrier while on a flight. He hid for seven weeks behind a pane. By the time he was discovered, he had traveled nearly 373,000 miles (600,000 km).;The most expensive cat was an Asian Leopard cat (ALC)-Domestic Shorthair (DSH) hybrid named Zeus. Zeus, who is 90% ALC and 10% DSH, has an asking price of £100,000 ($154,000).;The claws on the cat’s back paws aren’t as sharp as the claws on the front paws because the claws in the back don’t retract and, consequently, become worn.