When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris;Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic;There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.;Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just afriad to move.;Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.;If you rate this 5 roundhouse kicks, then Chuck Norris WILL roundhouse kick Justin Bieber's ass.;Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.;Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.;Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.;Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.;Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.;Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it;Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter;Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.;Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.;Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience;When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.;Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.;Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.;Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.;Fear of Chuck Norris is called logic.;Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.;Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died;When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.;Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.;There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.;Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.;Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.;Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.;Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.;If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.;Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.;Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.;Chuck Norris remembers the future.;Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.;Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.;Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball.;They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem: It wouldn't take shit from anybody.;Santa Clause, The Easter Bunny, and the Tooth Fairy were all real at one time... then they met Chuck. There can only be 1 living legend.;Chuck Norris couldn't act in Titanic because he would have saved everyone.;Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.;There is no 'Ctrl' button on Chuck Norris' computer. Chuck Norris is always in control.;What was going through the minds of all of Chuck Norris' victims before they died? His shoe.;When Chuck Norris crosses the pacific, swimming, sharks hear the "Jaws" music;The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' fist.;When Chuck Norris looks at himself at a mirror, there is no reflection. There can only be one Chuck Norris.;Chuck Norris NEVER Has An Opinion.;Chuck Norris doesn't run with the bulls. The bulls run with Chuck Norris.;Chuck Norris can capitalize numbers.;Chuck Norris knows the location of the undisclosed location.;Chuck Norris Won "Iron Chef America" with only one dish and an expired, unheated microwave burrito from 7-Eleven.;Mr Miyagi waxes Chuck Norris's car.;Chuck Norris went out with your girlfriend and you thanked him.;The Rock smells what Chuck Norris is cooking.;Chuck Norris can sing sign language.;God created butt cracks on people so that Chuck Norris has a place to plant his foot.;Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then it exploded.;Chuck Norris routinely kicks 50 yard field goals, barefooted, using a cement block.;SEAL Team Six plays "Hide and Go Seak" with Chuck Norris just to keep their skills sharp.;Chuck Norris won the World Horseshoe Pitching Contest while they were still attached to a Clydesdale.;Chuck Norris can speak French... In Russian.;Chuck Norris has a diary. It's called the Guinness Book of World Records.;Chuck Norris once climbed Mt. Everest in 15 minutes, 14 of which he was building a snowman at the bottom.;Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.;Chuck Norris can kill all of a cat's nine lives at once.;Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch. He decides what time it is.;Chuck Norris can put out a fire with a gallon of gasoline.;The dinosaurs looked at Chuck Norris wrong. Once.;Chuck can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.;Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.;When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.;Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.;Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.;When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is courage?" He received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.;Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.;Shooting stars are simply vapor trails left by a Chuck Norris roundhouse.;The shortest distance between two points is a straight line. Unless Chuck Norris is standing on the line. Then the shortest distance between two points is to run for your life.;Chuck Norris once went to mars. Thats why there are no signs of life.;Chuck Norris tells Simon what to do.;Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.;Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.;M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.;Chuck Norris beat Halo 1, 2, and 3 on Legendary with a broken Guitar Hero controller.;Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris' PC will crash.;Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.;Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.;Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... a suicide.;Chuck Norris doesn't have good aim. His bullets just know better than to miss.;Chuck Norris's computer has no "backspace" button, Chuck Norris doesn't make mistakes.